Yes I intention Ya Naa of Hello piano shop dot com
Well
Kawai piano of one year and three months house was coming in
It is almost new condition a
A term from a certain place that Well Anoaru
But I'm I was angry but those days rarely
It 's already like cp, but please see here it's type b 15
It is not such a high piano when selling it , but it is already the latest model
Is so well towards that new you think things
a
Well I 'm not in the brain once in the parent certification but also
Since Well this only new thing Tsu's I mean is not to enter First
Well I pedal peach is a chance Tara Chansuru
If you look around here, you will know how much it has been because it will be reduced by the child.
Yes it is beautiful enough to deliver also remains this is rubbed clean I do not do at all
It is akb 10
Also it's not there is also of course the wound so rubbed eating
Yes
It is-
A little normal production If you wrote and what do look Please authority b 15 f 05506
It is different from the way of numbering
A love version is also available 1 year and 3 months ago
Well delivered px Of course the new state of the cat is also selling that taste
Four
Friend and wonder if Nante by that I do to some extent a little there that
This and Ga' and this here stability without darkness to use the machine Art thousand times tens of thousands of times in stillbirth machine
Factory in Ano illusion of muscle since then the line and the other the other most Kedomo I get a little
It is totally negative state-
me
Let's listen to the sound a little, but it's still new, so it's easy to go crazy
The new piano has been tuned about once a half year, but the truth is
Ne
It's ok, but please listen to that please
This and is about the same size even though there is it is a small Koch ed 50 years s
Ne
I think it's small 110 cm
You do
The same sound as the current cute new sound sounds so naturally
It is room only a little over a year ago
Please do it in the palm
re
Hmmm
is not it
If you show porting of a common pattern , it will be like this
Not a just 6 days Well then another in the Tang miso Chan
ni
Wait
From First Hikigatari is the Nante If you start from this I incense piano in the wind like this
Because I do not have to from Bayer's I think not you aim a professional pianist
Ne
From copper 3-layer also in how to play say form something this say Do Toka so want Miyabe from getting to the polite
Do not start
n ame
I 'm hungry
It is a good piece
It is February g 7
Submersible medicine Xiamen somehow company vice o g 7
me
far
ni
a Piano play included a course
It was that explanation The akb's 15 already cute new type
Used Lesbian say going to start from now on Why piano
Of course it is also recommended for people after retirement age
Even small children should use it for practice.
More than 50 years from cp
I think I can use more, please take care
Thank you in advance
goodbye